---
layout: default
title: Style guide
categories: general
---

This article is just a quick rundown for documentation content style. If you are adding or updating documentation, consult this to answer basic content style questions. For example, 'Should UI text be written in **bold** or put in "Double Quotation Marks"?'

## Front matter

   - Article titles should be written with sentence-style capitalization. For example, "Add homepage sections".
   - File names should match the article titles, except in kabob case (`kabob-case`). So, for the article "Add homepage sections", the filename would be `add-homepage-sections.md`

## Punctuation

  - Consult the [Wikipedia Manual of Style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style) if you have a specific punctation question.
  - If there is punctuation required right next to text that is **formatted** or "in quotation marks", set the punctuation outside of the marked text. (Unless the **formatted** or "quoted" text includes punctuation.)
  - Use en-dashes (–) with spaces on either side of them. Never use em-dashes (—).

## Capitalization

  - Use sentence-style capitalization for article titles and headings. For example, "Add homepage sections" – never "Add Homepage Sections".
  - If you're quoting text from a theme's UI, use the same capitalization used in the UI.

## User interface text

  - Put UI text in bold. For example, **Add section**, **Choose menu**, or a **Name** field.
  - If the UI is a choice presented within a dropdown menu, put it in "quotation marks".

## User input

  - Put example user input text or suggested user input text inside `<code>` tags. In Markdown that'd be backtick `` marks.
